chore(docs): make external auth docs easier to follow (#12970)
coder/coder: docs/admin/external-auth.md

- [Azure DevOps](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/oauth?view=azure-devops)
- [Azure DevOps (via Entra ID)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/architecture/auth-oauth2)

The next step is to [configure the Coder server](./configure.md) to use the OAuth application by setting the following environment variables:

```env

> CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="USER_DEFINED"

Author: ```suggestion
CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="USER_DEFINED_ID"
```

> CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="USER_DEFINED_ID"

Author: ```suggestion
CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="<USER_DEFINED_ID>"
```

CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_DISPLAY_ICON="https://mycustomicon.com/google.svg"
```

> The `CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID` environment variable is used for internal reference. Therefore, it can be set to an arbitrary ID (e.g., `primary-github` for your GitHub provider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID` environment variable is used for internal reference. Therefore, it can be set arbitrarily (e.g., `primary-github` for your GitHub provider).
```

### GitHub

> > If you don't fined-grained control you can configure a GitHub OAuth app, which is less overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you don't require fine-grained access control, it's easier to configure a GitHub OAuth app!
```

1. [Create a GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/registering-a-github-app/registering-a-github-app)

>     * Set the callback URL to `https://coder.example.com/external-auth/primary-github/callback`.

Reviewer: Just for consistency!
```suggestion
    * Set the callback URL to `https://coder.example.com/external-auth/USER_DEFINED/callback`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
    * Set the callback URL to `https://coder.example.com/external-auth/USER_DEFINED_ID/callback`.
```

   ![Install GitHub App](../images/admin/github-app-install.png)

```env

> CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="primary-github"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="USER_DEFINED"
```

Author: ```suggestion
CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID="USER_DEFINED_ID"
```

git config --global credential.useHttpPath true
```

### Kubernetes environment variables

If you deployed Coder with Kubernetes you can set the environment variables in your `values.yaml` file:
```yaml
coder:
  env:
    # […]
    - name: CODER_EXTERNAL_AUTH_0_ID

>       value: primary-github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      value: USER_DEFINED
```

Author: ```suggestion
      value: USER_DEFINED_ID
```
